Add explanation about manager 2.2 port issue (#1132)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/monitor_troubleshoot.rst

   :depth: 1
   :local:

Scylla-Manager 2.2 with Duplicate information
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There is a change in Scylla-Manager 2.2 ports, to smooth the upgrade between earlier versions of Scylla-Manager and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla-Manager version 2.2 introduced a change to the ports it uses. To smooth the upgrade between earlier versions of Scylla-Manager and
```

> Scylla-Manager 2.2 and higher Prometheus is configured to listen to both ports. This way, after upgrading Scylla Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla-Manager 2.2 and higher, Prometheus is configured to listen to both ports. This way, after upgrading Scylla Manager
```

> and start using its new port the dashboards would continue to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
